index.md, before:

# Django Paris

Official website for Django Paris meetups.
Find more information about next meetings by visiting the [Django Paris meetup page](https://www.meetup.com/fr-FR/django-paris/).

## About

🇫🇷 / 🇬🇧
Hi everyone,

The purpose of the group is to gather djangonauts around Paris to exchange and share knowledge, and of course, meet each other !

No need to be an expert on Django, everyone is welcome.


Bonjour à tous,

Ce groupe à pour but de réunir les djangonautes autour de Paris afin d'échanger et partager des connaissances et bien sur, se rencontrer !

Pas besoin d'être un expert en Django, tout le monde est le bienvenu.

-----

Follow us on Twitter: [@dj_paris_meetup](https://twitter.com/dj_paris_meetup)
Email us: djangoparis.meetup@gmail.com


## Code of conduct

### Be Awesome to Each Other

The mission of The [Paris Django Meetup Group](https://www.meetup.com/fr-FR/django-paris/) is to provide fun, welcoming and professional environments so that diverse groups of people - regardless of age, race, gender identity or expression, background, disability, appearance, sexuality, walk of life, or religion - can get together to learn from and be inspired by each other about all things related to Django, the high-level Python Web framework.

The Paris Django Meetup Group asks all our members, speakers, volunteers, attendees and guests to adopt the following principles to help us with our mission. We are a diverse community. Sometimes this means we need to work harder to ensure we’re creating an environment of trust and respect where all who come to participate feel comfortable and included. We value your participation and appreciate your help in realising this goal.

### Be Respectful

Respect yourself, and respect others. Be courteous to those around you. If someone indicates they don’t wish to be photographed, respect that wish. If someone indicates they would like to be left alone, let them be. Our meetup venues and online spaces may be shared with members of the public; please be considerate to all patrons of these locations.

### Be Inclusive

All presentation material should be suitable for people aged 12 and above. All public presentations are subject to this code of conduct and thus may not contain:

- sexual or violent imagery
- exclusionary language
- language which is inappropriate for an all-ages audience

For the avoidance of doubt, public presentations include but are not limited to: keynotes, presentations, lightning talks, addresses, IRC, mailing list posts, and forums. If you are in doubt, consider it covered.

If presenters are unsure whether their material is suitable, they are encouraged to show it to the meetup host or an organiser before their session.

### Be Aware

We ask everyone to be aware that we will not tolerate intimidation, harassment, or any abusive, discriminatory, or derogatory behaviour by anyone at any event, or online. Complaints can be made to the [meetup organisers](https://www.meetup.com/fr-FR/django-paris/members/?op=leaders) either face to face at a meetup, or via the Meetup website. Any complaints made to event organisers will remain confidential, be taken seriously, and be treated appropriately with discretion. Should an event organiser consider it appropriate, the complainee may be:

- told to apologise
- told to stop/modify their behaviour appropriately
- warned that enforcement action may be taken if the behaviour continues
- asked to leave the venue immediately
- prohibited from continuing to attend the event

When necessary, an incident will be reported to the appropriate authorities.

### What Does That Mean for Me?

All participants, including event attendees and speakers, must not engage in any intimidation, harassment, or abusive or discriminatory behaviour. Here are some examples of behaviours which are not appropriate:

- offensive verbal or written remarks related to gender, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, or religion
- sexual or violent images in public spaces (including presentation slides)
- deliberate intimidation
- stalking or following
- unwanted photography or recording
- sustained disruption of talks or other events
- intoxication at an event venue
- inappropriate physical contact
- unwelcome sexual attention
- sexist, racist, or other exclusionary jokes
- unwarranted exclusion from conference or related events based on age, gender, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, or religion.

**We Want Everyone to Have a Good Time at our Events**

### Questions?

If you’re not sure about anything you’ve just read please contact the [Meetup organisers](https://www.meetup.com/fr-FR/django-paris/members/?op=leaders). You can message us through the [Meetup page](https://www.meetup.com/fr-FR/django-paris/).

### Credits

Adapted from https://www.djangolondon.com/code-of-conduct/.

The original version of this Code of Conduct was created by [linux.conf.au](http://lcabythebay.org.au/code-of-conduct/).

v1.0.1

Commit message:

doc: add link to the Django Meetup Paris YouTube channel

index.md, after:

# Django Paris

Official website for Django Paris meetups.
Find more information about next meetings by visiting the [Django Paris meetup page](https://www.meetup.com/fr-FR/django-paris/).

## About

🇫🇷 / 🇬🇧
Hi everyone,

The purpose of the group is to gather djangonauts around Paris to exchange and share knowledge, and of course, meet each other !

No need to be an expert on Django, everyone is welcome.


Bonjour à tous,

Ce groupe à pour but de réunir les djangonautes autour de Paris afin d'échanger et partager des connaissances et bien sur, se rencontrer !

Pas besoin d'être un expert en Django, tout le monde est le bienvenu.

-----

Follow us on Twitter: [@dj_paris_meetup](https://twitter.com/dj_paris_meetup)
Email us: djangoparis.meetup@gmail.com


### Meetup VOD
The records should be available in our YouTube channel:
Django Meetup Paris -> https://www.youtube.com/@DjangoMeetupParis-gj1xh


## Code of conduct

### Be Awesome to Each Other

The mission of The [Paris Django Meetup Group](https://www.meetup.com/fr-FR/django-paris/) is to provide fun, welcoming and professional environments so that diverse groups of people - regardless of age, race, gender identity or expression, background, disability, appearance, sexuality, walk of life, or religion - can get together to learn from and be inspired by each other about all things related to Django, the high-level Python Web framework.

The Paris Django Meetup Group asks all our members, speakers, volunteers, attendees and guests to adopt the following principles to help us with our mission. We are a diverse community. Sometimes this means we need to work harder to ensure we’re creating an environment of trust and respect where all who come to participate feel comfortable and included. We value your participation and appreciate your help in realising this goal.

### Be Respectful

Respect yourself, and respect others. Be courteous to those around you. If someone indicates they don’t wish to be photographed, respect that wish. If someone indicates they would like to be left alone, let them be. Our meetup venues and online spaces may be shared with members of the public; please be considerate to all patrons of these locations.

### Be Inclusive

All presentation material should be suitable for people aged 12 and above. All public presentations are subject to this code of conduct and thus may not contain:

- sexual or violent imagery
- exclusionary language
- language which is inappropriate for an all-ages audience

For the avoidance of doubt, public presentations include but are not limited to: keynotes, presentations, lightning talks, addresses, IRC, mailing list posts, and forums. If you are in doubt, consider it covered.

If presenters are unsure whether their material is suitable, they are encouraged to show it to the meetup host or an organiser before their session.

### Be Aware

We ask everyone to be aware that we will not tolerate intimidation, harassment, or any abusive, discriminatory, or derogatory behaviour by anyone at any event, or online. Complaints can be made to the [meetup organisers](https://www.meetup.com/fr-FR/django-paris/members/?op=leaders) either face to face at a meetup, or via the Meetup website. Any complaints made to event organisers will remain confidential, be taken seriously, and be treated appropriately with discretion. Should an event organiser consider it appropriate, the complainee may be:

- told to apologise
- told to stop/modify their behaviour appropriately
- warned that enforcement action may be taken if the behaviour continues
- asked to leave the venue immediately
- prohibited from continuing to attend the event

When necessary, an incident will be reported to the appropriate authorities.

### What Does That Mean for Me?

All participants, including event attendees and speakers, must not engage in any intimidation, harassment, or abusive or discriminatory behaviour. Here are some examples of behaviours which are not appropriate:

- offensive verbal or written remarks related to gender, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, or religion
- sexual or violent images in public spaces (including presentation slides)
- deliberate intimidation
- stalking or following
- unwanted photography or recording
- sustained disruption of talks or other events
- intoxication at an event venue
- inappropriate physical contact
- unwelcome sexual attention
- sexist, racist, or other exclusionary jokes
- unwarranted exclusion from conference or related events based on age, gender, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, or religion.

**We Want Everyone to Have a Good Time at our Events**

### Questions?

If you’re not sure about anything you’ve just read please contact the [Meetup organisers](https://www.meetup.com/fr-FR/django-paris/members/?op=leaders). You can message us through the [Meetup page](https://www.meetup.com/fr-FR/django-paris/).

### Credits

Adapted from https://www.djangolondon.com/code-of-conduct/.

The original version of this Code of Conduct was created by [linux.conf.au](http://lcabythebay.org.au/code-of-conduct/).

v1.0.1
